Lantern User Satisfaction Survey
Kérlek mesélj nekünk magadról.

Thank you for taking the time to complete this survey. It will help Team Lantern understand how to make Lantern even better.
How did you get a Lantern invitation?
A Lantern csapattól
Egy baráttól
Other (please specify)
Please Specify

Have you invited any friends to Lantern?
Igen
Nem
Ha nem, akkor miért nem?

How do you use Lantern?
To access websites that are blocked in my country
To access websites that are blocked at work
To help people in censored countries access an open internet

Do you use any browser plugins to manage your proxy settings? (Check all that apply)
ProxySwitchySharp
FoxyProxy

Do you use any other circumvention tools? (Check all that apply)
Tor
GoAgent
Psiphon
Ultrasurf
Freegate
alkasir

Which other tools are currently unblocked for you? (Check all that apply)


Szoftver

Please tell us about your experience using Lantern
Strongly Agree
Agree
Neutral
Disagree
Strongly Disagree
N/A
Getting Invited to Lantern is easy
Downloading Lantern is easy
Installing Lantern is easy
Configuring Lantern to proxy the sites I want is easy
Lantern lets me get to all the blocked sites I want
Browsing with Lantern is as fast as browsing without Lantern
When Lantern is running in the background, I don't even notice it
Lantern never crashes
Lantern lets me know when it is running
Lantern gives me interesting information about the Lantern network
Inviting friends to use Lantern is easy
Upgrading Lantern is easy
What can we do to make Lantern even better for you?


Customer Support

Please tell us about your experience getting support for Lantern
You know where to find Lantern's online help documentation
You know how to contact Team Lantern for help
Team Lantern responds promptly to your requests
When you have a problem, Team Lantern is usually able to help you resolve it
You are notified when new versions of Lantern are available
Please tell us what we can do to improve Lantern's customer support

Thank you for taking the time to answer these questions and helping us to continue improving Lantern.