Estudo de Satisfação do Utilizador Lantern
Por favor, Fale de Si

Thank you for taking the time to complete this survey. It will help Team Lantern understand how to make Lantern even better.
Como é que recebeu um convite Latern?
Da Equipa do Lantern
De um Amigo
Outros (por favor, especifique)
Por favor, especifique

Já convidou alguns amigos para o Lantern?
Sim
Não
Se não, porquê?

Como é que utiliza o Lantern?
Para aceder a sites da web que estão bloqueados no meu país
Para aceder a sites da web que estão bloqueados no meu trabalho
Para ajudar as pessoas em países censurados a aceder a uma Internet aberta

Utiliza alguns plug-ins de navegador para gerir as definições do seu proxy? (Marque os que se aplicam)
ProxySwitchySharp
FoxyProxy

Do you use any other circumvention tools? (Check all that apply)
Tor
GoAgent
Psiphon
Ultrasurf
Freegate
alkasir

Which other tools are currently unblocked for you? (Check all that apply)


Software

Please tell us about your experience using Lantern
Strongly Agree
Agree
Neutral
Disagree
Strongly Disagree
N/A
Getting Invited to Lantern is easy
Downloading Lantern is easy
Installing Lantern is easy
Configuring Lantern to proxy the sites I want is easy
Lantern lets me get to all the blocked sites I want
Browsing with Lantern is as fast as browsing without Lantern
When Lantern is running in the background, I don't even notice it
Lantern never crashes
Lantern lets me know when it is running
Lantern gives me interesting information about the Lantern network
Inviting friends to use Lantern is easy
Upgrading Lantern is easy
What can we do to make Lantern even better for you?


Customer Support

Please tell us about your experience getting support for Lantern
You know where to find Lantern's online help documentation
You know how to contact Team Lantern for help
Team Lantern responds promptly to your requests
When you have a problem, Team Lantern is usually able to help you resolve it
You are notified when new versions of Lantern are available
Please tell us what we can do to improve Lantern's customer support

Thank you for taking the time to answer these questions and helping us to continue improving Lantern.